#summary Experimental Changelog

=Experimental=

* v4.1.6
  * BIG PERFORMANCE INCREASE! CFS/Cgroups are out, BFS is in!
  * Fixed some HTC_IME issues
  * Added apanic crash logging support
  * Camcorder still broken, sorry.

* v4.1.5
  * Fixed video (YouTube, etc)
  * Fixed FilePicker (PDFViewer, etc)
  * Improved speed at which the in-call screen is displayed
  * Removed GooglePartnerSetup since it causes mass ANRs and it doesn't actually seem to do anything useful that I can figure out
  * Should work better on Magic 32B now. 
  * Fixed protected apps issue
  * Camcorder is still broken 
  * Lock screen is still default.. next version.

* v4.1.4
  * Welcome to Android 1.6 (Donut)
  * QuickOffice was removed since it's warez
  * KNOWN ISSUES: Camcorder and PDFViewer not working (Camera works though)
  * Lock screen is stock for now, next version will have Stericson's new one
  * High Quality YouTube is goofy right now, will be fixed in next version.

* v4.1.2.1
  * Fix Superuser for real

* v4.1.2
  * Fix Superuser (thanks Zinx)
  * Merged Loccy's browser enhancements
  * Fixed Camera crashes
  * Call Canvas.freeCaches() on low memory.. This should help with some of the slowdowns over time

* v4.1.1
  * Quick fix for the browser-on-crack issue.

* v4.1
  * Rebased from CM-4.0.4
  * Global Search is back!
  * Maps working, HTC Camera working, etc..
  * If you get a FC when you run the browser, reboot and it will be fixed.


* v3.9.11.2
  * Fixed all the mismatched resource ids (force closes) in the Camera. You guys better love me for this because it was unbelievably tedious.
  * Fixed the broken APN list.
  * If you have a browser "force close", just reboot and it will be fixed. I'm working on this. It has to do with the browser provider starting before the browser due to global search.
  * I can't promise that you won't have to wipe. Just do a Nandroid first.
  * Home alternatives don't work so well with the global search. Hopefully the app authors provide an update. Pester them about it please.
  * Don't use a theme on this version or any afterwards that wasn't designed specifically for it!

* v3.9.11.1
  * Include the correct Camera.apk !@#$*!@
  * Update platform.xml

* v3.9.11
  * Global Search from Donut has been ported!
  * Pulled in the nicer spinners while I was at it from Donut
  * LocationServices memory leak fixed (by itp)
  * Vold now scans the right partitions (by Rain)
  * Included the correct lights.msm7k.so so the flashing jogball works on myTouch
  * Don't use a theme on this version that wasn't designed specifically for it!

* v3.9.10
  * UNIVERSAL! Runs on both Dream and Magic 32B
  * Now identifies itself as either T-Mobile G1 or myTouch (due to popular demand, and T-Mobiles lameness to support ADP devices)
  * Revert the HTC_IME hack until I can figure it out
  * Update kernel with patches for the new vulnerability in the wild

* v3.9.9.1
  * Revert a patch to vold that was causing havoc with all sorts of things that use the SD card

* v3.9.9
  * Rolled back to the old Launcher (the Advanced Launcher can be found here)
  * Fixed the HTC_IME so it doesn't mess with the hardware keyboard (if you have problems, uninstall and reinstall the apk)
  * Ported the lazy-dexopt code from donut for development. You need to set ro.build.type to "eng" to use this.
  * Updated enhanced Mms app
  * Fixed scrolling issues
  * Other internal guts from donut
  * Automatically enables compcache with no backing swap if you don't have a userinit.sh
  * Updated system/xbin tools
  * Included htop
  * Added links in ramdisk and lib/hw for sapphire
  * We are pretty much stable at this point, unless critical bugs are found

* v3.9.8
  * New wallpapers
  * Fixed calendar issues
  * Fixed network location issues
  * Tidied up the lock screen
  * Updated kernel, added SWAP_FREE_NOTIFY patch for compcache
  * Boot logo by matt_stang
  * Dalvik update
  * Bring back "fancy" orientation animation
  * Various other fixes I am too brain damaged to remember
  * KNOWN BUG- accidentally re-introduced the contacts scroll bug, will fix for next version

* v3.9.7
  * It actually will boot again on all devices now 
  * Fixed Settings FC
  * Fixed Maps issues
  * Fixed lockscreen low battery message
  * Fixed other bugs..?!
  * Updated MMS enhancements from rgv151
  * Added some logging to the a2sd startup

* v3.9.6
  * This version might not boot on your phone - will be fixed soon
  * The battery meter from the lock screen is removed. It actually eats a ton of battery
  * Changed io scheduler to CFQ (Google made this the default in their tree, and it works much better now that we have cgroups)
  * Enabled some kernel options needed for VPN
  * Tons of updates from the new Donut drop
  * VPN & WPA-Enterprise should be fully working in this build, use browser to import certificates
  * Scaling defaults to 245/528 with powersave_bias at 200
  * Updated MMS enhancements from rgv151
  * Compcache 0.6 - this requires use of the rzscontrol tool - your compcache scripts won't work anymore
  * Hmmmmm..

* v3.9.5
  * Ported "app fuel gauge" from Donut (about phone->battery use)
  * Updated Webkit library and a few browser tweaks from Donut
  * Ability to create shortcuts to settings panel
  * Fixed terminal emulator
  * Revert wifi driver and wpa_supplicant (seems to be issues with these)
  * Updated MMS enhancements from rgv151

* v3.9.4
  * Fix all issues with video (YouTube/Camcorder/etc)
  * Fix userinit.sh issue
  * Email client from Donut
  * Added ImProvider to template

* v3.9.3
  * FLAC support from Kruton (buy this man a beer)
  * Updated Advanced Launcher from Rogro82 & Irrenhaus
  * MMS enhancements from rgv151
  * PPTP/L2TP VPN support backported from Donut
  * WPA-Enterprise support backported from Donut
  * Ability to add dialer and MMS shortcuts
  * Updated getcyan script from beast.in.black
  * Fixed up the power widget
  * Updated kernel- should be much faster and should also charge faster! Let me know how this goes!
  * Updated Busybox- modprobe works now!
  * Alarm clock "bug" fixed, and turned into a "feature" 
  * Browser enhancements from Donut (thumbnail tabs, yay)
  * OpenOBEX commandline tools ported by Erin Yueh - just need an app to run them! 
  * Rebuilt the whole thing with GCC-4.4
  * Removed Sherpa since it's on the Market now
  * Made startup use "source" instead of executing userinit.sh directly - this could cause problems for some people. If you system doesn't boot, rename your userinit and check it for errors. I will probably revert this behavior.
  * KNOWN ISSUE: video is buggy / broken. Will fix in next build.
  * You really expect me to remember the rest?!

* v3.9.2
  * Fix the ^#$#%$^ cpu frequency scaling (wtf wtf)
  * Updated Advanced Launcher from rogro82/irrenhaus
  * Updated Phone patch from cytown
  * Updated getcyan script from beast.in.black
  * Status bar now shows headphone state
  * Enabled additional iptables modules for DroidWall
  * Fixed GPS toggle on power widget
  * Alarm still requires screen unlock, forgot about this. Next build.

* v3.9.1
  * "Advanced Launcher" by Rogro82 and Irrenhaus - work in progress!
  * New kernel 2.6.29.6 & updated wifi driver
  * Power widget from Donut (GPS toggle broken, will be fixed in 3.9.2)
  * Dalvik VM from Donut
  * Lots of performance related patches (thread priority, cgroups, etc) from Donut
  * Less-obnoxious media scanner from Donut
  * Various other fixes from Donut
  * Send-on-enter patch for Mms (from rgv151)
  * Vibrate when phone goes on/off hook, plus optional periodic vibrate (from cytown)
  * Tweaked boot glow (Ashley)
  * Possible fix for in-call volume issues
  * getcyan script (from beast.in.black)
  * UNTESTED: ad-hoc wifi support, usb ethernet support
  * KNOWN ISSUE: Alarm clock dismiss/snooze panel requires screen to be unlocked
  * More shit I forgot about again..

* v3.9
  * Rogro82's Launcher with some tweaks - this is a big work in progress!!
  * New compression scheme for all apps should speed things up
  * Lots of patches from AOSP master
  * Huge APN list
  * Got rid of SystemUpdater and the shady HtcLog app
  * Sherpa 
  * CGroups tuning
  * Minor theme tweaks
  * Updated Google Maps 3.1.2
  * Included android-log-collector for debugging
  * More shit I can't remember