#summary FAQ

= FAQ =

1. Do I have to wipe?
 You shouldn't have to wipe if coming from a JF ADP-based ROM, otherwise, probably. If weird things are happening, try wiping. You can also try the permission fixer script linked above. If you are coming from an HTC-based ROM like Hero or Sapphire, you are going to have to wipe.

2. Will you include the HTC Dialer/HTC Mail?
 No, because I won't be shipping the full HTC-modified Android core (it's not open source), which these apps depend on. I do include the "Work Email" application which is the HTC Exchange client.

3. Will this work on the Magic?
 It will work on Dream or Magic 32B. I can't support the Magic 32A until we are able to build custom kernels for it.

4. How do I set up apps-to-sd?
 You need to create a second partition on your SD card in the ext2/ext3/ext4 format. Search the forums if you don't know how to do this. Once created, the ROM will move your apps automatically and new apps will be installed to the SD by default.

5. How do I install MyFaves?
 Look here: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=542267

6. Will you include feature X, Y, or Z?
 Maybe, ask me about it.

7. How do I convert to Ext3?
 Reboot into recovery (home + power), drop to a console (Alt+x), and enter: "upgrade_fs". Reboot and you will be at ext3. This requires my recovery image listed above.

8. Can I use Ext4?
 Yes, the kernel supports it (with delayed allocation fixes) and the required tools are there. You'll need to do the conversion manually, though.

9. How do I enable the HTC_IME?
 Go into settings->Locale & test and disable "Android Keyboard" and enable "Touch Input".

10. Can I tether with this?
 Yes. I recommend using Wifi Tether for Root Users

11. I want to switch back to ext2.
 Reboot into recovery (my recovery image), drop to a console (Alt+X). Remove the journal with "tune2fs -O ^has_journal /dev/block/mmcblk0p2". You should then fsck with "e2fsck /dev/block/mmcblk0p2".

12. Will you include feature XXX from Hero?
 No. Most of the HTC apps in Hero require the heavily modified closed-source Android core which I won't be including.

13. My /system/sd is read only and/or didn't upgrade to ext3!
 Your filesystem is probably corrupt. Boot into Recovery 1.2+ and run a filesystem check from the menu. If it tells you to run it manually, drop to a console (alt+x) and run "e2fsck /dev/block/mmcblk0p2".

14. Is ext3/ext4 safe for my SD card?
 Probably, unless your card is very old and does not support wear leveling. Use Google and decide for yourself.

15. I have problems with force closes and have to reinstall my apps after a no-wipe upgrade!
 Run the "permission fixer" script. It is included in this build as well as Recovery 1.2+. Just execute "fix_permissions" from a terminal or the recovery console and reboot. IF YOU HAD A THEME INSTALLED AND UPGRADED AND NOW GET FORCE CLOSES- just reflash your theme after upgrading, this will get rid of any issues. If you had a previous ROM installed that copied stuff to your SD card (like most of the Hero ROMs), you'll need to clean that out.

16. Can I use your work in my own ROM?
 Of course, I am all about sharing! Just give credit where credit is due.

17. It's taking forever to boot!
 The first boot will take longer than normal because dexopt needs to run. If you are nervous, connect USB and run "adb logcat" to watch the progress. 

18. My phone rebooted by itself!
 Possible kernel panic or oops. I'm testing some stuff to get logs of these events so they can be debugged.

19. My camera is black and white only!
 You have settings left over from the old Android camera. Just go into the Camera, hit menu, settings, then "reset to defaults".

20. My auto-rotate/accelerometer isn't working!
 Not really the fault of the ROM, but here's how to fix it: Go into recovery, drop to console, "mount /data", then "rm /data/misc/akmd* /data/misc/rild*" and reboot.

21. What about swap space?
 As of 4.0, Compcache is activated by default unless a userinit.sh script is present. Search the forums for information on how to create a userinit.sh to activate swap.

22. Will you include the Flash Player from Hero?
 No, because it's tightly coupled to the Hero Browser, which is tightly coupled to the Hero Framework. It's not easily portable at this point. Run Hero if you want it.

23. I used to have 2-10 desktops, and could change them, and also hide apps in the menu. What happened?
 The advanced launcher has been removed from CyanogenMod. The module is still available and still active, and can still be installed on CyanogenMod.
Please refer to this thread
http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=540880

24. Can you please include this app or that theme?
 Sorry, but CyanogenMod is focused on speed, followed by functionality from the core system (eg stuff that can't be added on easily) and then stability.